aqu	Amphimedon queenslandica
nve	Nematostella vectensis
hma	Hydra magnipapillata
sko	Saccoglossus kowalevskii
spu	Strongylocentrotus purpuratus
cin	Ciona intestinalis
csa	Ciona savignyi
odi	Oikopleura dioica
bfl	Branchiostoma floridae
xla	Xenopus laevis
xtr	Xenopus tropicalis
gga	Gallus gallus
cfa	Canis familiaris
mdo	Monodelphis domestica
age	Ateles geoffroyi
lla	Lagothrix lagotricha
sla	Saguinus labiatus
mml	Macaca mulatta
mne	Macaca nemestrina
pbi	Pygathrix bieti
ggo	Gorilla gorilla
hsa	Homo sapiens
ppa	Pan paniscus
ppy	Pongo pygmaeus
ptr	Pan troglodytes
ssy	Symphalangus syndactylus
lca	Lemur catta
oan	Ornithorhynchus anatinus
cgr	Cricetulus griseus
mmu	Mus musculus
rno	Rattus norvegicus
bta	Bos taurus
oar	Ovis aries
ssc	Sus scrofa
dre	Danio rerio
fru	Fugu rubripes
tni	Tetraodon nigroviridis
aga	Anopheles gambiae
ame	Apis mellifera
bmo	Bombyx mori
dan	Drosophila ananassae
der	Drosophila erecta
dgr	Drosophila grimshawi
dme	Drosophila melanogaster
dmo	Drosophila mojavensis
dpe	Drosophila persimilis
dps	Drosophila pseudoobscura
dse	Drosophila sechellia
dsi	Drosophila simulans
dvi	Drosophila virilis
dwi	Drosophila willistoni
dya	Drosophila yakuba
lmi	Locusta migratoria
tca	Tribolium castaneum
dpu	Daphnia pulex
isc	Ixodes scapularis
cbr	Caenorhabditis briggsae
cel	Caenorhabditis elegans
sja	Schistosoma japonicum
sma	Schistosoma mansoni
sme	Schmidtea mediterranea
cte	Capitella teleta
cla	Cerebratulus lacteus
hru	Haliotis rufescens
lgi	Lottia gigantea
ddi	Dictyostelium discoideum
cre	Chlamydomonas reinhardtii
pta	Pinus taeda
ppt	Physcomitrella patens
smo	Selaginella moellendorffii
ath	Arabidopsis thaliana
bna	Brassica napus
bol	Brassica oleracea
bra	Brassica rapa
cpa	Carica papaya
gma	Glycine max
lja	Lotus japonicus
mtr	Medicago truncatula
vun	Vigna unguiculata
ghb	Gossypium herbaceum
ghr	Gossypium hirsutum
gra	Gossypium raimondii
ptc	Populus trichocarpa
sly	Solanum lycopersicum
vvi	Vitis vinifera
osa	Oryza sativa
sbi	Sorghum bicolor
sof	Saccharum officinarum
tae	Triticum aestivum
zma	Zea mays
bkv	BK polyomavirus
ebv	Epstein Barr virus
jcv	JC polyomavirus
mcv	Merkel cell polyomavirus
rrv	Rhesus monkey rhadinovirus
pvu	Phaseolus vulgaris
mdm	Malus domestica
crm	Caenorhabditis remanei
ppc	Pristionchus pacificus
hbv	Herpes B virus
bdi	Brachypodium distachyon
aqc	Aquilegia caerulea
hvt	Herpesvirus of turkeys
peu	Populus euphratica
eca	Equus caballus
ola	Oryzias latipes
csi	Citrus sinensis
ccl	Citrus clementina
crt	Citrus reticulata
ctr	Citrus trifoliata
bma	Brugia malayi
api	Acyrthosiphon pisum
rco	Ricinus communis
aae	Aedes aegypti
gar	Gossypium arboreum
cqu	Culex quinquefasciatus
tgu	Taeniopygia guttata
aly	Arabidopsis lyrata
esi	Ectocarpus siliculosus
nvi	Nasonia vitripennis
ahy	Arachis hypogaea
gso	Glycine soja
pab	Picea abies
smr	Strigamia maritima
ttu	Triticum turgidum
ata	Aegilops tauschii
hvu	Hordeum vulgare
far	Festuca arundinacea
ngi	Nasonia giraulti
nlo	Nasonia longicornis
bgy	Bruguiera gymnorhiza
bcy	Bruguiera cylindrica
cln	Cunninghamia lanceolata
pma	Petromyzon marinus
tcc	Theobroma cacao
xbo	Xenoturbella bocki
egr	Echinococcus granulosus
emu	Echinococcus multilocularis
hme	Heliconius melpomene
gpy	Glottidia pyramidata
tre	Terebratulina retusa
rgl	Rehmannia glutinosa
cme	Cucumis melo
ssp	Saccharum sp.
rmi	Rhipicephalus microplus
asu	Ascaris suum
aca	Anolis carolinensis
amg	Acacia mangium
aau	Acacia auriculiformis
pti	Phaeodactylum tricornutum
meu	Macropus eugenii
ssl	Salvia sclarea
tur	Tetranychus urticae
sha	Sarcophilus harrisii
hco	Haemonchus contortus
dpr	Digitalis purpurea
nta	Nicotiana tabacum
stu	Solanum tuberosum
egu	Elaeis guineensis
mes	Manihot esculenta
mse	Manduca sexta
cca	Cynara cardunculus
lus	Linum usitatissimum
pgi	Panax ginseng
hbr	Hevea brasiliensis
mja	Marsupenaeus japonicus
prv	Pseudorabies virus
pde	Pinus densata
pol	Paralichthys olivaceus
han	Helianthus annuus
hci	Helianthus ciliaris
htu	Helianthus tuberosus
hex	Helianthus exilis
har	Helianthus argophyllus
hpe	Helianthus petiolaris
hpa	Helianthus paradoxus
hhi	Hippoglossus hippoglossus
blv	Bovine leukemia virus
ccr	Cyprinus carpio
dev	Duck enteritis virus
ppe	Prunus persica
aja	Artibeus jamaicensis
ipu	Ictalurus punctatus
cbn	Caenorhabditis brenneri
sci	Sycon ciliatum
lco	Leucosolenia complicata
prd	Panagrellus redivivus
pmi	Patiria miniata
lva	Lytechinus variegatus
ama	Avicennia marina
bbe	Branchiostoma belcheri
ssa	Salmo salar
str	Strongyloides ratti
pxy	Plutella xylostella
atr	Amborella trichopoda
pin	Phytophthora infestans
psj	Phytophthora sojae
pra	Phytophthora ramorum
efu	Eptesicus fuscus
gsa	Gyrodactylus salaris
bfv	Bovine foamy virus
chi	Capra hircus
ocu	Oryctolagus cuniculus
oha	Ophiophagus hannah
tch	Tupaia chinensis
